Did you know we publish cheatsheets for data science tools?
And I mean literal cheatsheets.
We even print them out for PositConf.
Cheatsheets are quick reference guides for Posit's tools and packages.
Say you're building a plot in ggplot2 and need a reminder of the aesthetic properties.
Just pull up the cheatsheet.
Take a look at all the aesthetic properties.
Did you forget how to add a label?
Alright, geom text.
Keep tweaking until you've built the graph of your dreams.
And cheatsheets are perfect for discovering handy features you didn't even know existed.
Some of them are available in other languages too.
So what cheatsheet do you want to see next?